c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll.config
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.pdb
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\anastasia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.pdb
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.pdb
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll.config
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.pdb
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Owin.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll.config
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.dll
C:\Users\Anastasia\Desktop\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.pdb
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll.config
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.pdb
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Owin.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.dll
d:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.pdb
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Configuration.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Data.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Drawing.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.EnterpriseServices.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Abstractions.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.ApplicationServices.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.DynamicData.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Entity.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Extensions.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Routing.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Services.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Xml.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Xml.Linq.dll
D:\WebApplicatin4\WebApplication4\bin\Models\Avto.cs
